fix(byolinux): add information about "only one partition in the sourc… (#5777)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/bring-your-own-linux/guide.en-gb.md

- Access to the [OVHcloud Control Panel](https://www.ovh.com/auth/?action=gotomanager&from=https://www.ovh.co.uk/&ovhSubsidiary=GB) (for the "[Deployment via Control Panel](#viacontrolpanel)" method)
- Access to the [OVHcloud API](/pages/manage_and_operate/api/first-steps) (for the "[Deployment via API](#viaapi)" section of this guide)
- Your image must be smaller than the Server RAM minus 3GiB

> - An executable script `/root/.ovh/make_image_bootable.sh`, which reinstall and configure GRUB [example](https://github.com/ovh/bringyourownlinux/blob/main/example_build/files/make_image_bootable.shhttps://github.com/ovh/bringyourownlinux/blob/main/example_build/files/make_image_bootable.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An executable script `/root/.ovh/make_image_bootable.sh`, which will install or configure the bootloader, [for example GRUB](https://github.com/ovh/bringyourownlinux/blob/main/example_build/files/make_image_bootable.shhttps://github.com/ovh/bringyourownlinux/blob/main/example_build/files/make_image_bootable.sh)
```

- Boot type: **uefi** or **legacy**
- Partition type: **MBR** or **GPT**
- Image format: **qcow2**

> - Only ONE partition in the qcow2 image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only one partition in the qcow2 image
```
Tu mets pas de caps en anglais
